The End
I would like to thank you.
I would like to thank you for your attention.
I would like to thank you for your support.
Today, there are many Practice
Should not there be less is so
Should socialist money
It's different.
Well, since we have created a future
I want to go to Ichiro.
I can't go to Satsudo.
I can't go to Ginga.
I can't go to Doka.
I can't go anywhere.
I'm not going anywhere.
Tadei, are you going to Ichiro?
No.
I can't go to Ichiro.
I can't go to Wakasa.
You can't go to Wakasa.
You can't go to Ichiro.
I want to use a 10 yen bill.
I don't have any money left.
I only have a 10 yen bill.
I'm not going to Ichiro.
When I go to help Ichiro,
I'll use the 10 yen bill.
Using the 10 yen bill means I have to go for work.
If you go, you will go for work.
I can go home like an idiot.
I
Toku san, Kimura han, Kyobo chan, Sumon no Banzuke,
I don't know anything.
They are all talking about the old days.
Hey, I have no money, but I have a big bank account.
I can make a lot of money.
Let's see.
Masan, you have a big bank account.
Let's call him.
No, no.
It's dangerous.
Masan is also in danger.
I don't have money, but I can do it.
I'm telling you, I have a big bank account.
Masan, did you see this big bank account?
No, I don't have a bank account.